{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang2057\deflangfe2057{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\f0\fs22 Log \par
Task Force Alpha (v2.0.2)\par
Written By M A Plant\par
Created For Devils Inc Studios\par
In the early 22nd Century spaceflight has become the norm, Earth is now protected by an Orbital Defence Satellite, However today just happens to be the day its software fails.\par
\par
You are tasked with taking out anything that might damage the planet until the OD Platform can be repaired. \par
\par
Controls\par
\par
Use the arrow keys to control the ship\par
Use the <space> bar to fire\par
Use <p> to pause\par
Use <Esc> to quit the game\par
\par
\par
V0.1 19/3/13 - 13.20\par
Initial design and compiling, also pre-test completed, screen scrolls space craft is controllable.\par
\par
V0.2 19/3/13 - 13.40\par
Had to alter the loading graphic as it wasn't displaying correctly this has now been sorted and the game loads as normal. Also had to adjust the menu screen background as this displayed incorrectly as well.\par
\par
V0.3 26/3/13 - 20.43\par
Altered backgrounds to delete the "line" illusion that seemed to appear, also corrected error that would cause the game to abort on moving to level 2. Added new enemies and second level to the game. Added new music to level2 and will continue work. \par
\par
* Corrected issue which would reset the score to Zero on level progression. \par
* Corrected issue that would cause game to crash on entering level 2\par
* Corrected issue that caused the game to crash during level 2.\par
* Corrected issue with Level 2 enemies not spawning correctly.\par
* Corrected enemy Spawn issue on level 2\par
* Adjusted scoring system\par
* Added Level 3\par
\par
V0.4 27/3/13 - 11.50\par
* Corrected enemy assault being too difficult to survive on Level 2\par
\par
v0.5 10/5/13 - 16.25\par
* Fixed Level changing parameters it should switch levels correctly now. Should now contain 5 fully playable levels\par
* Added Pause system, game can now be paused.\par
\par
v0.6 15/5/13 - 10.20\par
Added new loading screen\par
\par
*Fixed assault craft fire system enemies coming from behind will now attack the player more accurately\par
*Corrected spelling mistakes In this document.\par
\par
v0.7 23/05/13 - 18.29\par
Added a new instruction screen\par
Added a new first level a lot easier to survive and simple getting used to the game method\par
\par
*Removed the reverse flying enemy from Level 3, it was getting difficult to survive as they fly faster than previous enemies\par
\par
v0.8 25/5/13 - 13.02\par
Added more debris to shoot at on Level 1\par
Altered Screen resolution to 1024x768\par
Replaced the bad looking old asteroid with a newer cleaner looking image\par
\par
*Fixed health glitch, collectible will now repair ship regardless of current health\par
\par
V0.9 06/08/13 - 13.07\par
\par
Replaced the loading screen in line with the studio requirement\par
Final clean-up has been done\par
Reset Aspect Ratio\par
\par
V0.9.2 07/08/13 - 20.21\par
\par
*Fixed a crash under Windows 8 - Audio script was not allowing the game to run\par
\par
Lowered Audio of BG music tended to hurt ones ears after a few loops through\par
\par
V1.0.1 21/10/13 - 13.09\par
\par
Replaced the loading screen for release to Gamejolt this is to fix an issue with the size of the loading screen I can't seem to correct.\par
\par
29.12.13\par
Started a rebuild of Task Force Alpha due to hitting the limitations of what I can or cant  do using Game Maker. The original game will remain free to play on Yoyo. This document will as usual track mistakes, errors, bugs and corrections as they are built. \par
\par
The first major change to Version 2.0 is the use of Unity rather than Game Maker, while Game Maker is a nice engine it simply doesn't have the flexibility we are afforded with Unity. Also as you may have noticed it's also 2.5D rather than 2D this was an unfortunate side effect of the engine change. Still the game should be just as fun.\par
\par
*Added \tab : Player controller to control the player ship\par
*Added \tab : Projectile controller\par
*Added \tab : Enemy controller\par
*Added \tab : Lighting, particle and Camera effects\par
*Added\tab : Controllers for collisions and destructions\par
*Added\tab : Scoring System\par
*Added \tab : GUI elements\par
*Added\tab : Credits\par
*Added \tab : Homepage Launcher\par
*Adjusted \tab : Some in game speed options to allow for better control\par
*Adjusted\tab : Explosion size to look a little better than the huge one that triggered before\par
\par
30.12.13\par
*Added\tab : Shield effect and boost\par
*Added\tab : Background effects\par
*Added\tab : Audio and Sound Effects\par
*Fixed\tab : Key issues that caused the keys to trigger the wrong effects\par
*Corrected\tab : Spelling errors in the Win/Loss conditions\par
\par
V2.1 - 11.01.14\par
Rebuilt the game code into C# for greater over all control of programmable elements of the game. This will allow me to make minor changes without having to re-write mass amounts of code.\par
*Added \tab : Wrapping flight effect, if player leaves one side of the screen they appear at the other\par
\par
V2.0.1 - 24.01.14\par
Cleaned up the project folder so everything follows the original convention I had in mind to keep objects, textures and the likes all together much neater in packaging the project up.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1440\li1440 *Added \tab : System to generate random speeds of the enemy objects, each will now have a uniquely random variable assigned by the system.\par
*Fixed\tab : Error with incorrect physic components attached\par
*Fixed\tab : Variable that prevented enemy objects been destroyed caused by missing tag variable\par
*Fixed \tab : An error that caused the laser shots to not be restricted by each individual key press, had Key instead of KeyDown, this caused too many instances to fire too quickly. \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\par
V2.0.2 \endash  02.03.14\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1440\li1440 *Added \tab : GUI elements and repaired the scoring system, score will now clock up as enemies are destroyed.\par
*Added \tab : New Load Screen Elements, will also save data to the Devils Inc string of the Registry instead of Unknown Company.\par
\par
v2.0.3 - 22-03-14\par
*Added\tab : New sound effects\par
*Added\tab : New missed counter, this will enable me to create a secondary requirement for failure of a level.\par
*Added\tab : Main Menu, now fully functional.\par
*Adjusted\tab : Variables for projectile speeds\par
*Adjusted\tab : Particle effect of the explosion, the original was far to big and looked messy.\par
*Fixed\tab : Explosion prefab, effects weren't working correctly\par
*Fixed\tab : Collision issue causing lives to decrease by 2 each time the player was struck.\par
\par
v2.0.4 - 23-03-14\par
*Fixed\tab : Callback error that caused the Shield transform to not operate correctly.\par
*Fixed\tab : GUI Flooding error\par
*Issue\tab : Shields can only be used once per play, I will have to read up and address this later as I have a very specific idea of how I want this to work. It has been logged on Traq.\par
\par
v2.1 - 25-03-14\par
*Added\tab : Background screens to load and Lose screens these can be switched out in the editor when we have better ones than my lame Photoshop attempts.\par
*Added\tab : Scrolling Background effect, had to add a directional light source as well as it turned to be too dark otherwise\par
*Added\tab : Mesh collider for better collision results\par
*Added\tab : New ship geometry for a model much better for the games over all look\par
*Added\tab : New asteroid geometry and a scale system to give the illusion each enemy is different.\par
\par
v2.1.5 - 26-03-2014\par
*Fixed\tab : The shield glitch that occurred from v2.0.2 this has now been rectified and Shields are useable at a set limit.\par
*Added\tab : New GUI Elements, also added an available Shields variable.\par
*Added \tab : Level 2 - Temporary work around for the level loading system\par
\par
v2.1.5a - 27-03-2014\par
*Fixed\tab : Level Load glitch\par
*Fixed\tab : Oversized or broken asteroid geometry\par
*Fixed \tab : Shields forgot to reset the keycode,\par
\par
v2.1.5c - 29-03-2014\par
*Added\tab : Added the credits back in, these will be updated or adjusted as needed\par
*Added\tab : BGM to level 1 and ambient engine noise as well. \par
*Fixed\tab : Shield issue where its variable wasn't resetting as long as the game was running.\par
*Fixed\tab : Loading error that caused the control script to continually and repeatedly load on each level.\par
*Fixed\tab : Shield Level bug, the bug that wouldnt allow shields to be used after level 1. \par
*Adjusted\tab : Level 2 enemy spawns.\par
\par
v2.1.6a - 30-03-2014\par
*Fixed\tab : Credit screen now loads again\par
*Fixed\tab : Shield glith, would load after the Win screen was present. \par
*Fixed\tab : Shield glitch that would prevent use of the shields on Level 2\par
\par
2.2.1 - 04-04-2014\par
*Added\tab : New Powerup System (Currently limited to health and shields but can be extended now as needed)\par
*Fixed\tab : GUI display issues\par
*Adjusted\tab : Level 2 enemy speeds\par
*Adjusted\tab : GUI elements, size and placing for now\par
\par
2.2.1a \endash  06-04-2014\par
*Added\tab : New level timer, this allows for better control of levels and better in game performance.\par
\par
2.2.1c - 08-04-2014\par
*Added\tab : New spawn and invicibility system, this is to solve the getting slammed issue where players could die almost instantly on respawn.\par
*Added\tab : Joypad support, a joypad should now work with the game, it is built using PS3 and Motionjoy controller but any joypad should take the input.\par
*Fixed\tab : An update that allowed the mouse to control fire and shields after joypad support was added, this has now been corrected.\par
\par
2.2.1d\par
*Fixed\tab : An issue that caused the game timer not to reset after lose conditions were triggered.\par
*Added\tab : New splash and lose screens created by Ashley Baker\par
}
 